get everyone and welcome back to an s2
HD it's been a while since I brought you
a video and it will be a little while
before the videos pick up again there's
a couple of reasons for that and the
chief among them is a build 187 is still
out and build 18 a is still on the boil
at unknown worlds over in San Francisco
and until build 188 fits up when it
comes to skulk there's just not going to
be all that much happening in the ns2
world is a whole lot of stuff coming in
our way oh well its got now bike hire on
there and so there's not going to be a
whole lot happen because there's so much
stuff going on in build 18 that bill 187
is getting a little bit tired and that's
all right that's what naturally happens
with these beta builds they rise and
fall and ebb and flow as they are as
they're released and as new ones come
onto the horizon and there's a couple of
other reasons that are equally important
and so if you've been living under a
rock you might not have realized that
battlefield 3 and modern warfare 3 were
released in the first few weeks and also
even bigger than that I guess is that
Skyrim was released and so looking down
my Steam list all I see is blah blah
blah playing Skyrim blah blah blah
playing Skyrim etc etc down the entire
list and then of course there's modern
warfare 3 in battlefield 3 as well so
everyone's just playing these other
games and that's clear because they've
just been released in their awesome
games so on that's where everyone's out
and the final reason for the lack of NSO
HD videos is I am conducting a massive
upgrade of the ns2 HD ending rig it's
actually being entirely replaced with a
new one got a whole lot of hardware
order and starting to put it all
together and the aim behind that is to
get you guys probably more jet get you
guys more videos so contrary to what you
might be thinking and that is well when
is 2 HD is not putting any videos
therefore he's giving up or something
it's absolutely quite the opposite I'm
investing a lot of my own money in
putting together a raging rig to be able
to get you guys are more videos by
faster so that's what's going on it's a
combination of all those reasons why in
sh t is slow
at the moment but of course it will pick
up again as it always does as it has
over the past year and a half so don't
worry it will happen anyway I think I'll
just chill out and play a little you got
myself 3v3 going a lot of members of
chog which stands for the older games
and Australian clan open only to 25 plus
so they're a really cool plan because
they're always they're just really good
blokes they're really friendly and
they're really strategic and teamwork
focused and they're just friendly to
play with probably because they're a bit
more mature than say me being a
sprightly 22 moment and I know I just
told you all how all the ones you got
that's embarrassing questions reactor
core and account are extracted so I'm
just going to stop casting cast talking
and actually listen to my commander
which is Mako and he's asking me to move
down into reactor and I'll cast you guys
a few minutes of this play won't take a
too seriously and I won't bring you a
whole huge game just a little while just
for some funds I know you're probably
all dying we get back to playing Skyrim
like the rest of the known universe I
know my brother is just playing it 24-7
at the moment but I'm the only one
that's not playing it in the whole world
anyway guys here's some play and look
out the future for many more in the
stretch videos once the aforementioned
fattest start to dissipate and of course
the new Interscope serious bills
oh thanks sighs ha nice Matt young 5
easiest have been done reloading
sorry sigh sand got as good as covering
it you are as you are twenty-eight
percent I like yeah assisted that it
might die until 17 it's done pretty fast
okay well you got level two armored car
nut thanks for why not incoming at the
lake could you pop the flight control
please yep that controls oh boy now
there's one round the corner from you
there mate oh thanks for heads up your
stuff and let's go
that was the last bullet thanks for the
med packs mate hit me it's got a pen
okay just cycling up bc you're going to
have incoming that whole ventilation for
the money does i am going to cut this
video off now so thanks for watching and
i will see you all soon for more videos
believe me when i say there is going to
be a flood once build 18 hits so uh
thanks for watching him on see you all
soon
you